                           End User License Agreement

Please read this End User License Agreement ("Agreement") carefully.  This
Agreement is a binding legal agreement entered into by and between you (or if
you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of an entity, then the entity
that you represent) and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., ("QTI" "we" "our" or "us").
This is the agreement that applies to your use of the enclosed and/or linked
application, documentation and any updates or improvements thereof
(collectively, "Materials").  By using or completing the installation of the
Materials, you are accepting this Agreement and you are bound by its terms and
conditions.

A. Acceptance of This Agreement:

1.  You accept when you do any of the following things:

   * Provide electronic acceptance by clicking the below "Accept" button; or

   * Using the Materials.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN CLICK THE "DO NOT
ACCEPT" BUTTON AND DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE MATERIALS.

2. The availability of the Materials is subject to our business policies,
practices and procedures, which we can change without giving notice to
you. UNLESS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY LAW, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO ADD TO OR
CHANGE THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME.

3. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, QTI hereby grants to
you a limited non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable
limited copyright license to access, use, run and redistribute (solely as
incorporated in a software application that you distribute or have distributed
to end user licensees) the Materials application in object code format only.
This license is with respect to copyright rights only and specifically excludes
any and all patent rights of QTI or its affiliates.  Except for the limited
copyright rights granted to you under this Section A.3 with respect to the use
of the Materials, you further acknowledge and agree that QTI has no right to
sublicense or otherwise grant any rights under any other intellectual property
right, including, without limitation any patent rights of Qualcomm Incorporated.
For the purposes of this Agreement "intellectual property rights" means all
current and future worldwide copyrights, trade secrets, patents and other patent
rights, utility models, mask work rights, trademarks, trade names, service marks
and all other intellectual property rights, including all applications and
registrations with respect thererto.

4.  You shall not distribute the Materials on a stand alone basis.  You also
agree that your use of the Materials won't be for any purpose that is
illegal. WE CAN, WITHOUT NOTICE, LIMIT, SUSPEND OR END AVAILABILITY OF THE
MATERIALS OR ANY AGREEMENT WITH YOU FOR GOOD CAUSE, including, but not limited
to: (a) breach of this Agreement; (b) modification, or reverse engineering of
the Materials; or (h) use of Materials to violate or infringe upon any rights of
any kind of QTI or any third party, including, but not limited to, copyright,
trademark, Agreement, defamation, right of privacy or publicity or any other
right of any person or entity.  The software portions of the Materials may only
be used on devices utilizing QTI processors.

5. You shall not attempt, knowingly permit or encourage others to attempt to:
(a) reverse engineer, reverse compile, decipher, decrypt, or discover the source
code of or disassemble the Materials, in whole or in part; (b) use any
mechanical, electronic, or other method to trace, decompile, disassemble or
decrypt the Materials or encourage others to do so; (c) rent, loan, lease,
sublicense, transfer, network, reproduce, display, or otherwise distribute the
Materials; (d) copy, manufacture, translate, modify, adapt, enhance or extend
the Materials.

6. The Materials may contain or link to certain software and/or materials that
are written or owned by third parties.  Such third party code and materials are
licensed under separate or different terms and conditions and are not licensed
to you under the terms of this Agreement.  You agree to comply with all terms
and conditions imposed on you in the applicable third party licenses.  Such
terms and conditions may impose certain obligations on you as a condition to the
permitted use of such third party code and materials.  QTI does not represent or
warrant that such third party licensors have or will continue to license or make
available their code and materials to you.

7. QTI and its licensors retain all right, title, and interest in and to the
Materials and any updates and improvements thereof, including, without
limitation, all copyrights, patent rights and trademark rights and all other
intellectual property rights therein.  This Agreement does not convey to you any
ownership interest in any of the intellectual property rights of QTI, its
licensors and Affiliates.  Any rights not expressly granted to you herein are
hereby reserved by QTI, its licensors and Affiliates.

B. Disclaimers/Limitation of Liability:

1. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, REGARDING ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE CONCERNING THE MATERIALS. WE CAN'T PROMISE
ACCURACY OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE AND DON'T AUTHORIZE ANYONE TO MAKE ANY WARRANTIES
ON OUR BEHALF.

2. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL QTI, ITS
LICENSORS OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL
OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS, OR
OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER
INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF
PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE
CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER), EVEN
IF QTI, ITS LICENSORS AND ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

THE ENTIRE LIABILITY (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF QTI, ITS LICENSORS AND ITS AFFILIATES
UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY HEREUNDER SHALL
BE LIMITED TO FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).  THE FOREGOING LIMITATION, SHALL APPLY TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

C. Miscellaneous:

1. The Materials are available for individuals age 13 years or older. If you are
13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review these terms and
conditions with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or
guardian understand these terms and conditions. If you are downloading for an
organization, you are representing that you are authorized to bind it, and where
the context requires, "you" means the organization.

2. If you are acting on behalf of an agency or instrumentality of the
U.S. government, the Materials, are "commercial computer software" and developed
exclusively at private expense by QTI and its licensors.  Pursuant to FAR 12.212
or DFARS 227 7202 and their successors, as applicable, use, reproduction and
disclosure of the software is governed by the terms of this Agreement.

3. Nothing under this Agreement or the fact that you have access to and use of
the Materials give you any right, title or interest or license to reproduce,
modify or otherwise use our or any third party trademarks, service marks,
graphics, or logos.

4. This Agreement shall commence upon the earlier of the date that you first use
the Materials or the date that you accept this agreement and shall continue
until terminated in accordance with Section 5 below.

5. This Agreement shall terminate immediately, without notice, if you fail to
comply with any term of this Agreement.  In addition, QTI may terminate this
Agreement at any time upon notice to you or by posting notice on QTI's website.
Upon termination, you agree to immediately cease using the Materials.  Sections
A.4, A.7 and Articles B and C shall survive the expiration or termination of
this Agreement.

6. You acknowledge that all hardware, software, source code and technology
(collectively, "Products") obtained from QTI are subject to the US government
export control and economic sanctions laws. You assure that You, Your
subsidiaries and affiliates will not directly or indirectly export, re-export,
transfer or release (collectively, "export") any Products or direct product
thereof to any destination, person, entity or end use prohibited or restricted
under US laws without prior US government authorization to the extent required
by applicable regulation. The US government maintains embargoes and sanctions
against certain countries, currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria,
but any amendments to the countries under a US embargo or sanction shall
apply. You acknowledge that other countries may have trade laws pertaining to
import, use, export or distribution of Products, and that compliance with the
same is Your responsibility. You further acknowledge that you are not a person
or entity that is listed on any United States Government list of prohibited or
restricted parties. This section shall survive the expiration or termination of
this Agreement.

7. A waiver of any part of this Agreement in one instance is not a waiver of any
part or any other instance. You are not permitted to assign this Agreement or
any of your rights or duties under it. We may assign all or part of this
Agreement without notice.

8. It is expressly understood that this Agreement is non-exclusive for both
parties.  Except as specifically agreed otherwise, this Agreement does not grant
either party any exclusive privileges or rights.

9. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid, that part may be severed from
this Agreement while the remainder of the Agreement continues in effect. This
Agreement and the documents to which it refers form the entire agreement between
us on their subjects. You can't rely on any other documents and you have no
other rights with respect to the Materials or this Agreement, except as
specifically provided by law. This Agreement is not for the benefit of any third
party except our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, assigns and
predecessors and successors in interest. This Agreement and all disputes between
us (whether or not based on this Agreement) are governed by the laws of the
state of California, without regard to that state's conflict of laws principles.
Any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement must be brought
exclusively in a federal or state court located in San Diego County, California
and you consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts.  The United
Nations convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly
disclaimed and shall not apply.  You hereby acknowledge and agree that the
restrictions, limitations, conditions and exclusions imposed in this Agreement
on the rights granted in this Agreement are not a derogation of the benefits of
such rights.  This Agreement is the entire and exclusive agreement between QTI
and You with respect to the Materials and supersedes all prior agreements
between QTI and you, along with any other communications (whether written or
oral) between QTI and you.


